my life was turned upside down a year
ago I was awoken two police officers
outside of my home they told me that my
husband had been arrested on suspicion
of kidnapping and possible rape I was
shocked I thought this can't be true you
have the wrong person
the detectives told me that young women
were sedated and sexually assaulted and
they said banach that the description in
the car they found leg restraints
handcuffs zip ties nylons syringes the
medical stuff he said that it was just
left over from the night before which
made sense he worked in a hospital I
asked him why they found restraints or
the women's nylons and he suggested that
they were for me but I'm not into
bondage and those type of things
so that did make me feel weird I just
kept saying to myself this can't be
happening Lonnie and I were married for
15 years it scares me that if they do
have the right guy I laid next to him in
bed and had a family with him Lonnie
never showed me any signs of any kind of
hate towards women we have two daughters
together and he was the best dad since
he's been gone the girls don't want to
talk about their dad being in jail there
was some teasing for my son at school
it's hard to think that somebody who
you've been with for half of your life
could it all be accused of something so
heinous
all right Kerry I'm glad to meet you but
I'm sorry for the circumstance we always
talk about hindsight being 20/20 as you
now look back do you see things now that
didn't register with you at the time
honestly sorry my voice is um honestly
the things that I did see and find he
was having an affair and I found out
about that in like October of eleven and
the things I found
I always thought were for her so as far
as seeing this no no absolutely not now
he's been arrested he's been indicted
he's pled not guilty and so we have to
treat these as allegations because he's
not been convicted of it I wrote some
things down forced to look at you found
some things in the home at the time they
were in paper bags in two different
locations correct yeah well you found
zip ties you asked him about it and he
says these are for the bushes around the
pool yeah that it was just for the pool
you found ladies nylons not yours and he
said that they were for you right were
they still in wrappers no he says these
are for you so what he did is he saying
I bought these unwrapped them wanted him
up stuck him in a paper bag with zip
ties and put him behind the dryer and
well the dryer was yeah at his he had an
apartment for about five months and and
so yeah they were hidden there he knew I
was being snooping like I was snooping
and so he said that he put those there
because he knew I was gonna find them
and so yeah and then you found syringes
mm-hmm I did yeah
and he says these were left over from
his job as a physician's assistant right
which he worked nights at that
particular hospital where he probably
would have had access to those meds and
so it didn't seem weird it wasn't like
he had a hammer or something with them
it was you know he's not a carpenter he
would've had that but the
syringes didn't seem super weird but
however when I did find those things I
did say you know to myself I thought
well maybe he's using that the needles
for his own personal use you know he
works a lot maybe he's depressed one
medication I found was something with
they liked it like when I googled it it
said something about like depression or
something so maybe you know he was
shooting up because he was depressed I
don't know I mean nothing but you found
medication yeah a couple of times I
found bios of meds to in his car but I
thought okay he works I mean that's just
I mean it again it I didn't think it
would be that weird to have you know
medication because he's in a hospital so
you know he goes into a room pulls that
out of his you know coat and you know
shoots you know puts whatever medication
into the syringe and gives the person
you know medication it didn't seem that
weird it wasn't that perfect yeah to me
does it yeah of course but you've never
worked in a hospital yeah yeah cuz
that's not help that's not how that
works they yeah I don't know I don't
well because really you don't know and I
don't want to make light of that because
now we look at it in this context and it
seems more obvious or more noteworthy
but at the time I can understand how it
might not